in today's tutorial I'm going to show
you how to make ours chilis so here are
the ingredients that you'll need
cucumbers limes onion to solano chilies
and raw shrimp here is the shrimp we're
going to use it comes with the tale that
you need to remove with no extra stuff
if you know what I mean all you have to
do is basically just if you see little
really hard you can look at the veins in
the middle you would just need to cut
the middle of the shrimp of each shrimp
let me add that and remove the veins so
it's pretty disgusting but you got to do
what you got to do for this dish next
we're going to slice up about two
cucumbers one-fourth of an onion and I'm
going to wash my shrimp now we're ready
to add the lime in a blender you're
going to add about one fourths cup of
lime juice and then you're going to add
your Serrano chili now if you want this
dish to be less spicy add only 170 chili
if you want it to be really spicy and
you want to actually see the color you
would add to now that I'm done blending
this I'm going to add a ring of
cucumbers around my plate and then I'm
going to get a half of a lime and then
squeeze it all around the cucumbers now
I'm going to add my onions and then add
my a little bit of a little bit more
cucumbers and then I'm going to add some
shrimp and now with my fahim chilli I'm
going to make a ring of chilly around
only kind of touching the cucumbers you
can add it on the middle which I do at
the end of this video but for now I'm
just going to kind of let the chili soak
into the cucumbers after we're done
doing that it's time to add our final
ingredient which is the juice so I'm
going to pour this slowly because I
don't want this plate to overflow and
that's usually what happens if you use
more than one fourths of a cup of lime
juice and basically this is just going
to sit the shrimp is going to go from
looking grey to white to pink and this
is it I hope you enjoyed this tutorial
on how to make I was Sheila's thank you
so much for watching and don't forget to
subscribe